A Rails backend for _Subtle_

  Client URL - https://limitless-sands-48235.herokuapp.com

  API URL - https://murmuring-oasis-50773.herokuapp.com/api/v1

Subtle is a social networking app that allows


Project Description
  Subtle is a social networking app akin to pintrest that uses a Ruby on Rails API and a React/Redux front end interface. It uses AWS for image storage and is live on Heroku.

  As a user, you can make channels which have a title and description. As a user you can follow someone else's channel.

  A channel is comprised of many blocks. Blocks can contain uploaded images and a description. A user can add blocks from other channels to channels they have made, meaning a block can belong to many channels.  A user can also comment on a block.

  If a channel is public anyone can contribute blocks to it. If it is private, only the author of the channel can add blocks.

  A user can add and remove other users as friends. They can also edit their profile and upload a profile picture.

  The home page is a feed page which fetches a user's friends' activity.

Tech Specs
  Subtle uses AWS S3 by way of Active Storage to store uploaded pictures for blocks and user profiles.

  The backend uses 'Shallow Serializers' to render nested data with more specific information.
    i.e - It makes it possible to see a user's friend's channel's block's image. Where as, by default, the serializer would give just the block's ID as an endpoint rather than its information, like an image url.

  Fully functional AUTH using JWT tokens generated by the backend and saved to the front end in localstorage. Allowing a user to close the page and come back. The front end sends the token to the backend, is decrypted, then and the user information is sent the the front end.










For Models

Need to make comments one to many self-joining
Need to work on likes
  What's the relationship between like and object, not user
Add pending to relationship status


Relationships
  For now, just not worrying about pending, but need to do this

Set up Validations for user
  -New User
    Uniq email
    too short of password
  -Log in
    no match
    wrong pass

~AUTH
  Need to create a secret and store it somewhere hidden for JWT



*TO DO*
  Pending relationships
  Channel can have following



10/31
Forced SSL in config due to parsing error
